hello and welcome to sa c320 a deep dive
on implementing security and governance
across a multicam strategy I'm Matt
brought in and I'm joined here by my
colleague Joshua gealach and we're part
of the security risk and compliance
practice within professional services
for those of you that haven't dealt with
professional services or the security
risk and compliance practice our goal is
to really work with enterprises to help
them move on to AWS in a quicker and
more secure manner so we work with a lot
of the large organizations and help them
understand what it means to be secure
and actually work hands-on to actually
build our prototypes and actually help
them implement the best practices and
security policies within AWS so today
what we're actually going to dive into
is kind of some of the problems that
we've been working with our clients on
when they decide to move into a multi
account strategy now within this session
we're going to kind of a some of the
baseline around why you want to look at
a multi account strategy and then we'll
also go and dive into some of the
solutions on how to deal with account
management so going from one to ten
accounts is relatively straightforward
you can still do a lot of that manually
I start as soon as you start looking at
the 20s 40 hundreds or thousands of
accounts we want to start looking at a
way to automate that so we're going to
take you through some of the frameworks
and solutions we've worked with clients
and internally with an AWS on that and
then we're also going to talk around
role management so when you start
looking at how do you provide identity
and all these hundreds of thousands of
accounts we want to provide you with
some solutions on that and then from a
continuous assurance standpoint how do
you always validate that these accounts
are meeting your security best practices
and bass lines across the organization
and finally we will conclude with some
incident response recommendations for
you so if an incident were to occur vet
word our current one of your accounts
how do you respond to that in timely
matter and from identification to
actually remediation of that event so
first off why do you want to look at a
multi account strategy one of the
reasons we come across most frequently
is you want to define beta blast radius
across your organization's oftentimes
you could do this with IM policies and
have it across regions or even have
really strict policies around using
tagging Service Catalog or something
like that but when we start talking
about an organization you may want that
even more constrained and more hardened
in nature so that's what we're going to
look at a count as the blast radius
itself is now a count to another account
is no different from AWS perspective
then you and another organization
another company entirely we're going to
have that fully isolated from each other
now you have the ability to create the
collaboration between those two which
will go into it a little bit the next
topic that we normally here is our own
consolidated billing yes you could very
well use tagging and other constructs to
actually do show about could bill back
within your organization but is also we
found a lot easier if Europe your
individual business units could actually
have their own accounts is now it fully
rolls up it's a lot easier to show the
organization from an s3 or ec2 usage how
much they are actually using and build
that organization or third-party back
correctly and then there is also the VPC
our account limits that are inherent
within AWS for example within a given
region you may only be allowed to have
5v pcs within the region for your
particular organization this may be too
few and by splitting that out across
account you're able to bypass that
limitation and show that your business
is April operate as you expect and
finally one of the great examples that
we come to is if you're dealing with
mergers and acquisition activity if
you're building out a new service that
you feel that you may want to sell off
or divest yourself from in the future
having a dedicated account allows you to
do that in a much easier manner now
instead of having actually rebuild your
infrastructure perhaps provide the
initial cloud formation templates or
actually provide access into your own
account you could literally just provide
the blue credentials and have them take
over that route credentials and then
create their own identity from there to
getting them the access so when we
actually look at what account a multi
account setup looks like this is a
normal diagram of what we're seeing our
customers we're seeing it normally an
enterprise has their existing data
center and they're connecting into us by
our backbone this could be by a direct
connector a VPN connection depending on
the account from there you have a number
of resource accounts this is really
where your business units are running
their their workloads themselves so this
is where they're spinning up there you
see two instances using our different
services such as that's three what have
you
then we would normally see a minimum of
two other dedicated accounts one of
those accounts that we're going to talk
heavily upon is the security account
this is a significantly hardened account
with very limited access for your
general population but this is where all
your centralized logging is going to
occur to so your cloud trail you VPC
flow logs you know lb logs whatever you
really want to have immediate access to
and then drive decisions based upon
that's going to be sitting within your
security count as we get further along
in this presentation we're going to talk
about some of the other services that
you could be building it within that
security account to to help you through
there is a continuous automation around
your security events as well the other
account that we normally see as a
consolidated billing account this is
from a logical perspective where all
your accounts are rolling up into and
allows you to actually have the building
construction so that it again locked
down to specific individuals that
require that access so generally
speaking you may feel that your
organization and your business your unit
shouldn't be able to be able to see that
detailed billing reports and therefore
within the consolidated billing account
you have that ability to lock that down
so gently with all those accounts has
been a challenge for customers
historically and making sure that you
have the appropriate governance in place
when you're growing from tens of
accounts to hundreds of counts and
making sure you have an appropriate
baseline and so we launched in limited
public preview this week a new service
called a diverse organizations if you
haven't heard this definitely take a
look it's a new capability that allows
customers to centrally control and
manage multiple a diverse accounts
additionally you'll gain some features
that will enable you to apply what we're
calling it organizational control
policies across these accounts which
will allow you to control which services
and API calls those accounts and the
entities within them can operate with
additionally you can gain the ability to
programmatically create new accounts
going forward as well from a high level
there's a number of key concepts we want
to talk about so we have the actual
organization itself this is just the
consolidated set of all the accounts
that you have and you want essentially
control
and then you have the AWS accounts
themselves sometimes I'll refer to this
as the child account but those accounts
that mauer was talking about in the
diagram would be these AWS accounts and
then you have a master account if you're
familiar with consolidated billing this
is essentially the same thing you would
might migrate from a consolidated
billing account to the master account
automatically when you're activating AWS
organizations so you want to make sure
you choose the master account wisely and
then you'll define the organizational
units this is how you would view your
organization and we'll take a look at
what that means and then I mentioned the
organizational control policy and
specifically we'll talk about service
control policies so you can define what
services and AP is you're allowing your
team to use within those accounts so we
have a high level diagram of what AWS
organizations looks like we're going to
have that master account there at the
top and then the way my organization
thinks about our accounts is development
accounts test accounts and production
accounts so I'm going to create
organizational units for those three
things and then I'm going to assign
child accounts to that so I'm going to
assign some accounts to development some
accounts the test some accounts to
production and then I apply the service
control policies anywhere within that so
I'll apply one to the master account one
to the organizational units as well as
perhaps one to the child account itself
now when we're evaluating those policies
but it's important to understand how
they actually function so let's say we
have a service control policy or the
union of service control policies so all
of them together that allow ec2 and s3
and then within a child account i'm
going to have an IM policy assigned
perhaps to a group a role or a user that
is allowing ec2 and SQ s so it's
actually when we're evaluating it's
actually to take the intersection of
those two so it's still a default deny
so both policies allowed ec2 but in this
case s 3 and s 2 s are not being allowed
because again it is the intersection of
those two policies
now moving forward when you're adding
more accounts it's important to make
sure you have an appropriate baseline
and so using something like cloud
formation templates or perhaps your
favorite programming language you can
use our SDKs our Ruby SDK or Python boto
SDK to make sure you have appropriate
deployment mechanisms in place to make
sure you have consistent repeatability
across all of your accounts and then you
want to commit those to your favorite
repository could be a git repository it
can be subversion there you want to make
sure you gain the benefits of versioning
and historical information as well as
adding a readme file so somebody in the
future that needs to maintain those
deployment scripts or templates can know
what you're doing as well as identifying
changes on who made the change and when
as we're launching new services and
features to make sure you have an
appropriate baseline going forward and
whenever you're programmatically adding
accounts using a diverse organizations
it's important to make sure you have new
account set up to add an appropriately
so in the case of cloud services before
you can actually provision resources you
need access so you need to actually set
up the identity and access management
controls so in the case we'll talk about
roles and policies in a bit as well as
turning on the appropriate logging
mechanisms so we often will say our best
practices that you turn cloud trail and
in all regions but you want to look at
what other logging capabilities you need
to enable and make sure you're
aggregating those appropriately as well
and another one I like to talk about
with customers is your vbc and your
networking you want to make sure you
have a consistent commonality between
all of your accounts if every account
and your hundreds or thousands of
accounts has a different bpc style with
different subnets it's going to create
an operational headache when you're
trying to troubleshoot and you're
looking at a network diagram for a very
specific account so if you have a
commonality in your networking across
these accounts it'll help you
troubleshoot a lot faster
so now that we understand kind of the
account management standpoint how are
you going to start looking at managing
the actual access into these accounts
this is also an interesting port because
when we start thinking about this you
have a number of different options
natively with an AWS today you could
actually create local IM users and roles
within each of these hundreds of
thousands of accounts which obviously is
a bit of a nightmare when it comes to
managing and showing that when movers
and leavers occur within your
organization that they're properly
reflected within AWS as well then you
also have the option to actually feder a
twit the UI within your internal
identity provider direct access into AWS
as well now this has to be done on a pro
account basis which adds some complexity
Booker T's will be scripted out if you
so choose the last option really is
around a centralized authentication
account this allows you to actually
create a centralized security count and
then allow access into the one account
which other has a trust policy into your
individual resources account now there's
something definitely pros and cons
across all these you have to make that
decision but today we also wanted to
provide another framework for you well
calling this framework that
multi-account strategic compliance in
operations tool or mascot for short we
spent a lot of time coming up with this
acronym too by the way so what this is
this is a framework that internally to
AWS we use this framework allows us to
manage our internal accounts and within
professional services we actually worked
with into it as well to actually help
them manage their accounts in this
process as well and now what this allows
you to do is that allows you to make it
easier for your employees and their
teams to use AWS accounts while still
allowing the organization to manage
those accounts and the IM roles within
them so what is that section mean from
an onboarding perspective what this
means is that when you register an
account into mascot you were actually
allowing you to capture metadata around
that account so for example the
environment that it belongs in is it a
production accountant on production
account is it a test account we're all
stable allowing you to capture the data
classification of that account are you
dealing with customer data a pci data or
HIPAA data in that count yes n we're
able to use this data later on when we
talk about the continuous assurance
programs to make risk-based decisions on
that account so for example if you see
something suspicious in that account if
it's a production account
that's going to require a faster
remediation that it may be in the dev or
a test account and based upon the
customer data as well you can make those
risks based decisions additionally now
we're also allowing you to capture the
owners of the account now obviously you
as an organization or the owner of the
account but who has the individual owner
of that account also allows you to have
a point a person to follow up on in
terms of an event or incident within
that as well the other thing from an
operation standpoint we're allowing
federated access to the AWS management
console now individuals don't need to
log in multiple locations you have
single sign-on able to quickly view the
number of accounts and roles that you
have permissions to from Active
Directory in one example and you're able
have one click access into the portal
from there additionally allows for all
creation and management in those
individual accounts as well as the
security policy template creation
imagine so similar to how AWS provides
you with managed IM policies this
framework could allow you to provide
your organization with the same type of
managed policies as well so as an
administrator of this system you could
say these are the list of policies that
you as an individual have access to and
you can then create your roles and
deploy them from there the last I'm
sorry so let's dive into what this
actually looks like from a high level
you have an individual logging into a
portal this could be by a single sign-on
or using your domain credentials into
the portal from there you're accessing
our service the mascot service which is
running within your security account the
back end of that is a database which is
capturing all the roles and permissions
that that individual is able to access
based upon his active directory group in
this example as well as some of the
security credentials we need to actually
assume into those other accounts each
role within each of the accounts has a
unique external ID for those that
haven't used the external ID within the
assume role STS call it allows us to
have a unique identifier that we could
keep locked down as well so even if so
it knows the role and has the access key
and secret key for that role they need
that the actual external idea as well to
actually perform that a stroll
assumption so if we dive in a little bit
deeper now this is what it's actually
looking like from a service to implement
you have an account owner which is the
individual that's actually on board the
account on to
mascot as well as a federated user from
there it goes into our mascot service
this allows us to a federal rate with
your internal identity provider and the
example we'll show you in a little bit
as Active Directory it also allows us to
have account management bolted to that
as well as a second owner workflow so if
the primary owner leaves the
organization we could automatically
perform remediation steps and follow up
a wad here's where we integrate with
your active directory and then what it
also does the audit trail is ties us
into a database so now every action
that's performed within mascot is being
logged for your identification and
follow-up as well so what that means is
so when a user uses this to login to
assume role into an account we're
capturing that information so when you
identify between this and the cloud
shell events that are also being
captured hopefully is you've turned that
on that you're able to correlate the
events more effectively additionally
what we're able to see is if the data
classification from the account changes
we're actually able to audit this so now
if someone's manipulating a data
classification or environmental variable
on the account weibull capture that
perform an action to say hey you just
moved a production account back down to
a demo account why'd that happen is that
supposed to have happen are you trying
to do something from a malicious
standpoint we're able to capture and
actually tie it into a ticketing system
to verify that we're auditing and
remediating that stuff as quickly as
possible so now we're actually going to
provide you with a demo of mascot number
four yep
um so this is what you see obviously I'm
not attached to a domain right now I'm
using the same Wi-Fi all you are but if
this was a domain you can have the
single sign-on functionality but when we
sign on to this hopefully that Wi-Fi and
everything works demo gods are good yep
um what we're seeing here is the
accounts that I've been accounting roles
that I've been provisioned to so within
this we're actually seeing two accounts
here there are some details around there
so the top account is account that I
actually owning created for the bottom
account is a role that I belong to
within the active directory which I'll
show you in a little bit as well that
I've automatically been provisioned for
it so as a 80 user was assigned to that
group that automatically appears up here
within mascot you're able to register an
account as I talked about earlier here's
where we're capturing that metadata I
talked about so when you create an
account you enter the data
classification of that count what type
of data it holds does it hold no
sensitive data as well as the data
around the environment itself which
we're going to be using to make those
risk based decisions decisions that I
alluded to to actually on board an
account to relatively straightforward
process you provide as within I am
credential not the route credential but
an IM user credential that has IM star
privileges so essentially an admin that
credential is not being stored by us
we're actually using that credential to
create two new roles within that
onboarding account one is a security
auditor role which essentially only has
read-only permissions the other role
we're creating is the mascot role we're
going to be using to assume roles as
well as perform remediation steps in
case of an emergency also capturing the
primary owner of the account here it
automatically pulls in my active
directory credential as well as the
account description which I'm going to
use to recognize that account in the
future so once you register account you
can then create your policy templates
here you have the ability to see the
existing policy templates that as an
organization I'm provision in able to
see I'm also able to add a customer in
policy so if we create a new policy
template allow all and we'll go creative
how's everything we're going to make
this real simple it myself
we clicked and out of that this is now a
policy that we can now use as an
organization to allow other users to use
this role and we're going to add one
more policy right here as well a simple
deny all which we'll use in a little bit
now we just created two policies within
a mascot system now that we have a
policy created we can now also create a
role this role is not actually assigned
to an account day one but you have the
ability to do that and I'll walk you
that as well so here what we're going to
do we're going to use that denial role
we're going to create that I'll roll
we're going to select the denial policy
we just created which is all to populate
off the policies you have access to and
click Add here's that role we just
created it's not applied to any accounts
yet we now have to have the access to be
I'll apply that account as well so when
we click the deploy button again what we
see here is the list of accounts that
you are owning from me as the owner
again knows before I had those two
accounts when I am just a user of the
Active Directory one and here's the
actual account that I'm an owner so I
can actually click to deploy this role
within that or reinvent account so as
you see up here I now have these two
this role this original which I
originally created beforehand as well as
the new deny all roll so to actually
access this account again it's
relatively simple you click the full
admin role the role that you want to
assume and will actually dynamically log
you into the portal AWS portfolio what
this allows you to what the background
of this what's actually happening is
that we're actually performing assume
role functionality but the better part
about this is that your users no longer
need to have long term credentials you
don't have to worry about them losing
those credentials mismatching them it's
a one-click access into the portal but
the other thing that allows you to do
for those that want to actually allow a
CLI access or anything on this denial
roll you can actually view the STS
tokens as well now these are live sts
tokens obviously i created the denial of
policy for the specific reason because i
don't want any of you taking a picture
and using these credentials but
you could actually copy and paste this
into your CLI access and have a lot of
potential so therefore you have the
functionality and now all this isn't any
magic in the background these all API so
you could actually integrate this in
wrap this around your existing CLI so
they don't actually even need to do this
are actually turn into your SDKs and
everything as well so when we actually
look at this from an ad perspective the
other thing I want to show you is how
easy it is to add users from an Active
Directory perspective so from if we look
look at um actually let's show Josh log
in right now so here so there's another
Active Directory user Josh logging into
his mascot slowly
notice he only has the one role now so
now let's look at what it actually looks
like to add a new role in group with an
active directory so here's our active
directory structure right here you have
the one role this is kind of the role
that everyone's being accessed here that
you see dynamically within all of our
accounts but what we'll do now is create
a new role so we're going to grab the
role name it's a predetermined structure
that we're created here it's relatively
straightforward I'll walk you through it
so the group name is based upon a
predetermined structure here it's AWS as
a prefix of that group followed by the
account that they should have access to
followed by the specific role name that
they allowed to have access to as well
so we're creating this new group with an
active directory where they're going to
add josh to this group
okay and now if we switch back to Josh
and have him relog into the console he's
been provisioned for that role in access
into the account again he much simpler
automatically adds him access into the
role into the account that he's been
provisioned for it's a lot greater of a
user experience as well and then as he
again as he clicks on a roll to actually
assume that it's actually being logged
within both the cloud trail events as
well as within mascot itself so that you
could actually use it going forward as
well again all that is a framework you
could build it yourself this isn't
anything special it's using public API s
and kind of the architecture which we
discussed but we could also help you
from a professional services it's the
important and actually implementing it
as well the other thing that we want to
talk about is the continuous assurance
this is allowing automated methods to
actually regularly verify or ensure your
information security controls are
appropriately configured we view this as
a huge force multiplier in with an AWS
multi-account strategy now your team
doesn't have to manually go across all
your accounts verify or even worst case
find out that something's been
misconfigured when an event has occurred
now they're proactively identifying them
in a near real-time err on a regular
basis so what are some things you could
actually start looking for first one
that often right off the bat is weak
policies you can actually start looking
for I am start policies KMS star
policies these are really powerful
policies that have used missile
maliciously could affect your entire
account you want to make sure that
you're aware of those usage the other
thing you can start looking for security
groups our privilege ports exposed to
the internet such as SSH or rdp we've in
memcache port you're able to look
through your actual security groups do
describe them identify what's exposed to
your internet and follow up with those
individuals in a quicker more automated
method more interestingly enough you
could also start touching those
individual ports so let's say identified
say that you have identified or servers
that's exposed to the Internet is it
using the default credentials for that
service or is it actually using custom
credentials you can programmatically
build this framework out so that you
could test the type
questions within your environment the
other thing that you should start doing
are the proper logs enabled within your
environment is cloud trail configured
properly is it pointing to a centralized
account what about VPC flow logs and
elastic load balancing and then you
could also start searching cloud trail
for unexpected IPS as well so if you're
having root credentials being used from
external IP addresses or even at root
credentials being used at all these are
all red flags you can start doing
programmatically so what is this a
framework actually look like let's dive
into that we're going to be using lambda
heavily in this framework because it
allows us to scale more dynamically as
you move up in accounts you don't want
to be tied to a specific ec2 instance do
a threading concerns now we're able to
actually build this out using lambda and
DynamoDB to be highly scalable and
actually get us results in a quicker
manner so we have here is the
coordinator which is attaches to the
account database this database in our
example in framework is the same
database that we're creating with a
mascot this is holding a metadata we're
going to be needing it's going to be
holding the accounts the security
auditor role as well as the external ID
security token that we're going to need
to be able to assume that role in 2 the
count to verify what's happening but
it's also going to have the metadata
associated to that account again it's
going to have the environment it's going
to have the data classification which we
can use within the account coordinator
to determine what tests we need to run
the same test maybe across all your
environment or you may want more
stringent tests within your production
account or you may want to slightly
different tests to ensure that your
HIPAA compliant or PCI compliant your
account coordinator is able to do this
from there it's going to kick off a
lambda test chain that lambda test chain
is going to perform the test on an
individual basis so back to my example
of searching for ssh exposed to the
internet that is one individual lambda
function that one lambda function will
assume the credentials as being passed
into it from the account coordinator be
it a test within the resource account
using the auditor role which we pre
deployed using mascot and then I'll pass
back the findings into our own findings
database that finding database will be
the continuous record around how our
audits are being run within our
environment from there it's also
interesting because we could also tie
this into a ticketing service now once
we identify a
content within that doesn't meet our
expectations we could automatically
create a ticket based upon the owner of
that account within the account database
and assign it to that individual for
remediation more importantly once that
individual remediate sit let's say they
forgot to close the ticket we actually
have that findings database information
that next run if we identify that
finding no longer is valid we could
programmatically go in and close that
ticket for them more importantly if
they've closed the ticket and it hasn't
actually been remediated we can quickly
reopen that ticket and reassign it as
well the ticketing system is a huge
force multiplier in this problem what
allows us to do from a security
organization allows us to concentrate on
securing them for infrastructure and
working with the business to understand
where they're going so we could be
proactive and not engagement more
importantly we need to choose a system
that allows for this integration you
need to have an API on that ticketing
system you have to be able to cut
tickets and remediate them and then you
also have to be able to reopen them when
appropriate but from a security
organization it also allows us to drive
some interesting numbers we cannot show
back to the business or what ROI and kpi
on our tickets are we could show how
many tickets we proactively open how
long they've took to close how many we
we had we had to reopen as well which we
can then justify what we're doing and
how quickly we're responding to issues
versus having a queue that was like
Layton in nature the other thing though
that we have to emphasize is providing a
ticket and cutting a ticket isn't enough
you have to have some documentation on
how to actually remediated ticket you
have to be able provide details I want
what that ticket means why was it cut
what are the steps they need to take to
actually mediate that and more
importantly you have to test your
guidance by creating tickets you don't
want your business units to be attacking
you and say I got this ticket I have no
idea what to do with it it should be
self-evident and then they're only
coming to you if they really don't
understand something and for again
you're building that relationship with
the business units the other thing we
want to talk about is how to actually
validate your cloud trail events we have
this now great this great centralized
security account where all of our cloud
trailer logs are being pushed into but
how do we actually start processing them
in an oak wicked
manner now yes you've retired us into a
Splunk or other data logging service but
let's say we wanted to use our internal
services as well with an AWS you could
do that so within this within this cloud
trail bucket we have an SNS notification
that's notifying us whenever a new cloud
travel object is being put into it from
there this is kicking off a lambda
loader this lambdas loaders only job is
to get that SMS notification reach into
this cloud trail bucket and parse out
the actual events and records within
that cloud trail from there it's going
to push that into a kanisa stream which
allows us to then control where that log
is going to be put to as well as bulking
grouping those logs together which
allows us to again push it to another
lambda coordinator this coordinators job
simona was before reaches into a test
database to understand i see this event
occurring within cloud show it then
looks within the test database to
understand for that specific API what
test should I verify have occurred or
did not occur and from there is able to
kick off the appropriate lambda
responders so for example if it
identifies that you deployed an Internet
gateway within a production account and
that should never be occurring per your
standards you can actually kick off a
lambda responder that's going to
proactively go in shut down that and
remove that internet gateway within that
account and therefore shut down the
malicious activity as quickly as
possible the other thing the Kinesis
stream is going to allow us to do is
push all that data in team our EMR
allows us to have real-time access to
that data that we're able to query
against historical events from an
incident response perspective we're able
to now view what's happening you know
query this data and actually use it to
our advantage in addition to the lambda
responders in which are proactively
going out and remediating risk
so let's take a look at how you would
actually set that up of course I won't
be able to show all the code because
PowerPoint only allows you to fit so
much on a screen but I took some
snippets of things that should be
valuable to you to understand a picture
as we dive deeper so as Matt mentioned
whenever cloud shale deposits a log file
in s3 that object can trigger an event
notification we could send that to
wherever we want in this case the event
notification contains the the bucket
name as well as the key of that object
and so I want to have that event
notification actually trigger a lambda
function in this case the lambda loader
that Matt was describing so I can go in
the console and I could say when this
event notification from this bucket
happens on object creation I want to
trigger a lambda function so within that
lambda function the incoming event which
I underlined there near the top is that
what actually contains that s3 event
notification data so i can parse that
event variable for that bucket name as
well as the key name and then i can make
a request to s3 to get that object now
natively lambda does not have the
ability to actually go get the object
from s3 I have to launch it into a role
that has that API functionality allowed
and so I'll need to provide the role to
this lambda function but I'm going to
have it go and get the object from s3 at
this point I'm going to parse the s3
object for the cloud shell records that
are in there I'm going to group them by
20 records together I'm going to convert
that to an array and then to a string so
that way i can then put it into Kinesis
so there at the bottom I'm putting the
record to Kinesis which is a group of 20
collateral events and so I can start
loading up that Kinesis stream with
these events at this point once the data
is in kinases I'll need to extract it
out like Matt mentioned we can have lamb
to do that we can have EMR do that in
this example I'm going to have lambda
grab a batch size of 100 and I can set
this up in the console or CLI so as
lambda is reading from the Kinesis
record we're going to have to pull out
the payload is a buffer so I'll need to
parse it and convert it into this
records variable
and then I can start actually filtering
it out and looking for specific events
that I'm interested now I don't want
this lambda function to do everything
I'm going to need this lambda function
wants it detects a record to actually
kick off another lambda job and so they
can finish its processing now this is
just one of many ways in which you can
provide those security checks there's a
number of partners that will provide
capabilities perhaps something similar
to this or some other auditing
monitoring or vulnerability analysis
that you might be interested in
depending on what requirements you have
there might be a partner that would be
as interest to you as well as even some
open source tooling like Netflix launch
security monkey or a capital one launch
a cloud auditor and so definitely take a
look at some of the the capabilities are
out there from a partner perspective as
well as an open source perspective let's
take a look at incident response as well
which is the last part of our talk we
did talk previously in the last couple
years on incident response we have a
number of interesting sessions that
could be valuable to you they walk
through a number of scenarios from you
no compromise access keys to actual
forensic analysis so depending on what
kind of instant response you're talking
about there should be an interesting
session that you might be interested in
watching but from high level I just kind
of want to talk about setting up an
instant response program so if you have
one and you're looking to convert that
to your cloud strategy or perhaps you
don't have a well-versed instant
response program and you're looking to
build one for the cloud there's still a
number of steps you can take and
primarily they both start with education
so even though the technology terms
might be the same in terms of compute
storage and database the actual
technology is slightly different you're
going to be accessing them through AP is
you can use automation you're not going
to go pull a hard drive there's some
education that will need to happen from
a security operations point of view with
the forensic analyst with the incident
responders and at that point once you
feel you've level set and baseline your
education you can start preparing make
sure people have access to the tooling
make sure that they have
be logging aggregated appropriately that
you've actually activated the logging
and you started build run books and play
books on you know certain scenarios that
might be of interest view in terms of
you need to respond to an event or an
anomaly that you've detected within your
account at that point you can kick off a
simulation we did a security jam on
Monday with the number of simulations
for customers to practice incident
response in the cloud and so it's
important to at least provide practice
to your team and so they can actually
test the run books and play books and
make sure they have access to the toy
and that stimulation will provide you
valuable feedback on whether or not
you're actually prepared whether or not
you have the right mechanisms in the
place and so getting that feedback loop
and applying an iterative lifecycle to
your instant response program will
definitely help you now Matt mentioned
the auditor role but there's two roles
that we primarily recommend for incident
response within a multi cloud strategy
one is a read-only role or the auditor
role that Matt was talking about as well
as a privileged role and this would be
something for break glass something that
can be used an emergency to intervene
and make make a change within the
account but it will be important to
scope the Tres policy to only allow
assumption from the security account so
you'll have a number of directive
controls that say what should or should
be happening in your account and then
you'll have preventive controls that
prevent people from actually doing those
things that you define should not happen
in your account this could be things
like the I and policies the service
control policies that we talked about
within AWS organizations as well as you
know your kms key policies and your
bucket policies you'll have a number of
preventive controls that enforce your
directive controls but of course
potentially somebody could go around
those controls perhaps you did not
define them appropriately or somebody
with too much access was able to change
the preventive controller went around it
so you want to make sure you have
appropriate directive controls to
trigger an alarm or canary that notifies
you that
your directive control has been violated
at that point you want to respond to the
actual event that happened within your
account so you detect an anomaly and now
you need to respond to it and you can do
this one of two ways one being manual or
one being automated historically the
time between a detective control in the
actual incident response has been very
very long and so if we can reduce that
time from a manual response to an
automated response it'll definitely help
you going forward especially when you're
thinking about a thousand accounts
Automation is much much better so going
back to kind of what we talked about
with centralizing all of your logs and
providing yourself security checks
across all of your accounts you can
definitely increase your ability to
respond effectively within music house
you know set up those common security
checks using the cross account access
and the the tooling will help you
definitely cutting tickets but the
response is often still manual you can
respond to some things as Matt mentioned
so if cloud show is turned off for
example you know you should go and have
lambda automatically turn it back on but
perhaps some of the response you don't
know if what the outcome or the effect
would be within those accounts and you
might cause an outage so you can
decentralize some of your controls as
well because the individual account
owners understand their individual
business risk for that specific account
and you can set up something like using
cloud watch events that is actually
waiting for an event to happen and then
triggering a lambda function that can
respond to it that lambda function can
assume the role to take action within
the account and this is actually very
fast how much events is faster than
cloud trail so something like this would
be useful if you're curious about how
this works or how to set up more
automated security events or security
responses there's a session later today
that you might be interested in at SCC
313 so definitely take a look at that so
closing up we've talked about a lot of
different options for you from an
account management with a new launch of
organizations you have a better ability
to actually control those and group
those into organization units that
matched to your own individual business
units from the role management
we're talking about a new framework
called that we have with an AWS
professional services it's called mascot
but that you can build out yourself that
allows your organization's to actually
be able to proactively access your
accounts in a safe manager with mad
manner without having them to actually
have long term credentials and also
houses you as an organization to be able
to control the roles and policies that
are being pushed out to those accounts
from the continuous assurance side we
talked around lambda responders and I
how do I actually programmatically look
at your account on a reoccurring basis
to understand if it matches your
security baseline or if it's deviated
over time and also the ability to
actually proactively look at the cloud
trail events that are coming in and
respond to those not just generate alert
from them but program if we go into that
account and either remediate that alert
or at least mitigate that allure to the
best of your ability and from an
incident response perspective looking at
how to actually automate that instant
response and ensure that you have the
proper ability to actually understand
how to respond to an event from the
actual roles as well as the practicing
about through security incident response
simulations and everything so with that
I just want to thank you all for coming
to our session please remember to fill
out your surveys and evaluations on this
because it is really important for us to
know what else you want to hear about as
well as if you like this session we we
know to have more around this in the
future also we have a number of related
sessions that talk around the multi
account strategy and how to do security
automation as well so feel free to check
out those getting the rest of this week
as well so thank you very much